### Web App Description

What I plan to build for my web app is a simple CRUD inventory application. This application will simply track inventory for a reseller, with the main focus being on shoes that are listed on StockX as if time allows, I want to integrate an API to scrape data from StockX. However, since StockX does not have an official API I would have to look to integrate an unofficial api. The API integration will not be the main focus of the web app, it will be a nice addition if I can get it working since I have never worked with API's before. <br>

This inventory app will have it's main view as a table which will list all the various items of the inventory. Some of the attributes that each item will have is the name, size, price, status (i.e. sold, unsold) and date added to the database. Optional attributes that can be added are the style code/sku, colour, market price and potential profit. Please note that some of these optional attributes can be automated if I were to find a working StockX API, however if that does not work what can simply happen is that when you are adding the item to the database, these optional attributes can be filled in but will not be marked as required inputs.<br>

To add items, I plan to simply have a button, in the form of a plus, and once you click on it a popup window will come up and it will contain a form which you fill in that has all the attributes listed above. After filling in all the necessary attributes like name, price and size, you will be able to click a button that says add and then the item will get stored into the database. If I am able to get a working StockX API, I would like to integrate a function that will automatically scrape listings on StockX as you type in the product name and it will give you autocomplete suggestions which include the potential products you may be thinking about and images as well to help differentiate different items on StockX. Through choosing one of the autocomplete suggestions, it will automatically fill out all the required and maybe some of the optional attributes as well depending on how muich data the API can scrape from the website. However, these features are heavily dependent on an API. So once again, no promises on these functions. <br>

In terms of interaction with the database, I plan on adding various sorting filters to the table as well. For example there will be a dropdown menu where you can choose what status it should be and that will filter all the items in the table. There can also be a search box where it will search for specific items based on the input of the search box. Also, if possible the table itself will be able to sort by it's various attributes in ascending or descending order. For example if you were to click "price" on the table it will sort between ascending and descending cost. <br>

Another feature that can be added is jsut a main dashboard which will be a simple display of how many items are in the database, what the current value of the database is and a simple welcome message. Since a login function is not required I will not be implementing any sort of login or seperate user functionality, it will simply be "Welcome User". The dashboard should be just a simple overview of what you currently have in your invetory. There might be some fancy formatting in terms of the style of how the dashbaord will present itself, but the data presented will be simple. <br>

 In terms of navigation and menus, I plan to have either a top bar or side bar which will have two buttons, Dashboard and Inventory. These buttons will be hoverable so that the background colour will change based on what the cursor is pointing at and the text will change colour based on what page you are currently active on.  <br>